[man]
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Spin it!
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
Let's begin it.
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Talespin ♪
-♪ Oh, yo ♪
♪ Friends for life
Through thick and thin ♪
♪ With another tale to spin ♪
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Talespin ♪
-♪ Oh, yo ♪
♪ All the trouble we get in ♪
♪ With another tale to spin ♪
Spin it!
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
Spin it, my friend.
Woo-hoo!
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Oh, yo ♪
♪ Ba-ba-ba da-da-da ♪
♪ Spin it, let's begin it ♪
♪ Bear and grin it when you're in it ♪
♪ You can win it in a minute ♪
♪ When you spin it, spin it, spin it ♪
Ha-ha-ha!
♪ Talespin it ♪
♪ Talespin ♪
[engine turning over]
Baloo, where are you sneaking off to?
I've got cargo to deliver.
You gotta help me!
I'm in a jam.
[Baloo]
Oh, Becky, I gotta help Louie.
He's in a jam, too,
[chuckles] a jam session!
I promised to play bongos
in the Aloha Night Band.
[Rebecca] You're always helping Louie.
Why not me?
[Baloo] 'Cause Louie asked nicely.
He gives me lots of
what you give me none of... respect.
I give you all the respect due a guy
who's always partying, always broke,
and who's never
going to amount to anything.
Oh, what do you mean?
[clears throat]
Hmm...
What's with you, buddy?
Never seen a set of bongos before?
"Austin Featherich, of the law firm
Featherich, Featherich, and Nowinski"?
I am looking for a certain gentleman.
Have you ever come to the wrong place.
I think not.
Striking resemblance, sir.
Yes, Hans, I believe our search is over.
Madame, before you stands
a member of royalty,
the bluest of blue bloods,
the long-lost
13th Baron of Bruinwald.
-Him?
-Me?
You.
You sir, are now fabulously wealthy.
[muttering]
How fabulous?
Oh, you could easily buy
this airplane, say,
a thousand times over.
[stuttering]
I'm rich!
If I may, sir.
Now, wait a minute!
[Hans] If it's not to your liking, sir,
your tailor will be happy to make you
another dozen or so when we get home.
-Home?
-To your castle, sir.
-Castle?
-Six-hundred and fifty rooms, madam.
Six-hundred and...
Well, now!
[knocking on window]
Hmm, so, I'm never going to
amount to anything, huh?
[laughs]
Oh, baby! Am I going to love this!
Home, Hans.
But you can't leave!
What about your job?
[telephone rings]
[Hans]
Barons don't have jobs, sir.
You'll never have to work
another day as long as you live.
Sorry, Becky. You heard the man.
I'm gone! Solid gone!
Go hire yourself some other chimp!
[Hans]
That's chump, sir.
-But what about my cargo?
-[Baloo] Stick it in your ear!
[Rebecca coughing]
[wolf howls]
Castle Von Bruinwald, sir.
-Wow! My chapeau!
-[Hans] That's chateau, sir.
[thunder rumbles]
Mm-hmm, I'm so hungry,
I could eat a horse!
If you wish, sir,
I can put that on the menu for tomorrow.
Helga!
[clock chimes]
Tonight, baron...
I have prepared
the Von Bruinwald family favorite!
[sniffing]
[rumbling]
[Baloo] Whoa!
[chuckles]
Maybe I'm not as hungry as I thought.
Oh, I'm sorry, sir.
Uh, all the other barons
liked their meat rare.
[thunder rumbles]
Don't you have any regular food?
Uh, cheeseburgers, French fries?
How about some cookies? Cake?
[stammers]
Triple-thick malted with extra fudge?
Ah, now I understand, sir.
You wish to have dessert.
Now we're talking!
[clattering]
Oh, but allow me, baron.
[thunder rumbles]
[gulps]
Not sure if I want that either.
Dessert is properly served flambéed.
[Baloo]
Whoa!
Terribly sorry, sir.
Can't imagine how it could've...
May I bring you something else, sir?
Kind of lost my appetite.
Oh, boy! If only Becky could see this.
Hey, I almost forgot.
The Sea Duck!
[telephone rings]
[Rebecca] Higher for Hire.
[Baloo] Hello, Miss Cunningham?
Baron Von Bruinwald here.
What do you want, Baloo?
[Baloo]
I thought we might discuss
me purchasing my plane
over dinner at my place.
-Hmm?
-[Rebecca] No sale.
We're having peasant under glass.
That's pheasant!
Look, you don't need me,
and I don't want your money,
so take your invitation and--
-[roars]
-[yells]
Baloo, what's going on?
[Baloo] Water got a little hot.
Call you back!
Hans!
[growling]
[stuttering]
Have some mashed duck?
Hans!
A... a... a shark!
Impossible, sir.
No sharks have been sighted
in this part of the castle,
well, since the second baron.
Tsk, tsk, tsk.
Whatcha mean,
"Tsk, tsk, tsk"?
Perhaps, baron, no one told you
about the Von Bruinwald family curse.
[thunder rumbles]
Each of your ancestors expired
under peculiar circumstances.
-[sighs] Oh, dear.
-Whatcha mean, "Oh, dear?"
-I was just remembering the fourth baron.
-[Baloo] What happened to him?
The electric eel soup
didn't agree with him.
Shocking, sir.
And then there was the sixth baron,
he was taking his evening stroll
on the parapet,
when he slipped
on a pad of butter, fell...
[thunder rumbles]
Oh, that's a lot of mumbo jumbo.
There's no such thing as curses.
Come on, where's the kitchen?
I'm hungry.
This way, sir.
Watch your step, sir.
-[yells] What was that?
-What was what, sir?
[yells] Hans, I was almost sliced.
Strange you should mention it, sir,
the same thing happened
to the seventh baron on that very spot.
The kitchen, sir.
Mmm, baby!
Oh, my.
[muffled]
What do you mean, "Oh, my"?
The ninth baron popped off
by choking on a cupcake.
[coughing]
I'm not crazy about devil's food anyway.
Will there be anything else, sir?
No. I'll just take a little trip
through the icebox.
Have a safe journey, sir.
Oh, yeah!
This is what I call...
a killer snack!
[yells]
[yelling]
Oh, no!
Whoa!
[yelling]
[mumbling]
[whimpering]
[Rebecca]
Higher for Hire.
[stuttering] Becky?
-[Rebecca] Who is this?
-It's me. Baloo.
Oh, you mean, the fabulously wealthy
Baron Von Bruinwald?
-[Baloo] Yeah, yeah... You got to help me.
-You walk out on me
and want me to help you?
Becky, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,
but I'm in big trouble. I'm...
[gulps]
Cursed.
Tell me something I don't already know.
[Baloo] No, no, I'm serious.
Something's trying to get me!
[stuttering]
I was down in the kitchen, and...
Oh, no, it's the curse!
[yells]
It's trying to get in!
Becky, come quick!
Bring Wildcat! Bring anybody!
I'm begging you! Help, help!
[dial tone]
Baloo? Hello?
Baloo, are you there?
[thunder rumbles]
[door handle rattles]
[whimpering]
Help!
You screamed, sir?
[stuttering] Yeah, yeah.
I got to yell my head off
to get any service around here.
-Where were you?
-Uh, down in the kitchen...
Uh, oh!
Downstairs, baron, setting traps.
We have a problem with, uh... with rats.
Is there anything you require, sir?
Yeah, make up the ghost... guest room.
We're having company... I hope.
-[Wildcat] Wow!
-[Rebecca] Yeah, double wow.
[Wildcat]
If he's this rich, how come he need us?
I don't know, but if this is a trick,
he's gonna need a hospital.
Ah, Miss Cunningham and Mr. Wildcat.
Welcome to our humble house.
Oh, thank goodness you're here.
You got to protect me.
The curse got the first 12 barons.
and... [gulps] I'm number 13.
Give me one reason I should help you?
'Cause we're pals?
Give me a better reason.
'Cause if you go...
[makes cutting sound] I go.
OK, OK.
We'll protect you from the big,
bad bogey monsters.
Hey, not to worry.
With us here, you're gonna be just fine.
Hi. Where's the bathroom?
On top of the stairs,
second right after the third left, sir.
Thanks, and I mean it, bud.
-[Rebecca] Well, what's for dinner?
-Baloodle strudel if I don't watch out.
-This joint's full of booby traps.
-Booby is right.
Uh, Rebecca, would you mind, um,
switching places with me?
[groans]
OK.
[yelling]
[Hans]
Dinner is served.
If it's a cake, call the fire department.
Tonight, Helga has prepared
the baron's favorite.
-What's that?
-Bavarian cupcakes!
[yelling]
Two right and three lefts.
Ta-dum.
Or was it three...
three rights and two lefts? Ta-dum.
Ha! Let's see a curse get through that.
[yells]
[footsteps approaching]
[yelling]
Now what?
-Uh, can I stay here?
-No, you cannot stay here.
But... it's spook central in my room.
Could we trade?
-[yawning] Anything to get some sleep.
-Ah, thanks, Becky. You're a pal.
[Rebecca yawning]
[Wildcat] Third right and then a left.
Is that my left or the hallway's?
Whew! Safe at last.
Rebecca!
[yells]
Help!
[groans]
If that curse doesn't kill him, I will!
Baloo, would you please...
-[gasps]
-Help.
[yells]
Oh, Baloo, I'm sorry I didn't believe you.
You are cursed!
Oh, Becky, if I get out alive,
I'm buying you a whole fleet of planes.
Now, come on.
Wait a minute.
Where's Wildcat?
OK, the square root of two lefts
times three rights,
and you put the decimal in, uh...
in the middle.
Minus the first two lefts...
Wildcat.
Wildcat!
Psst.
[Hans] That dumb bear's stupider
than all his ancestors put together.
[Helga] Patience, my wienerschnitzel,
we almost got him with the piano.
[Hans] Father didn't have
this much trouble with the 12th baron.
Aww, don't worry, my strudelipoo.
He's the last of the Bruinwald's.
And when he's disposed of,
the castle is ours! [laughing]
[gasps]
[yelps]
Well, I do so love it,
when guests drop in.
[yelling]
And we insist you stay for dinner!
[laughing]
Oh, I love this!
[yells]
[Rebecca yelling]
Becky?
[yelling continues]
Becky!
[Baloo yells]
[grunts]
[mumbles]
[Rebecca] Help!
-You called, madam?
-Oh, Baloo, thank goodness.
Thanks, Baloo.
You saved my neck.
Let's bust those bums!
-[Baloo] They escaped!
-But you won't!
-Charge!
-Yoo-hoo!
[both yelling]
[yelling]
[gasps] We're trapped.
Now what do we do?
[Wildcat]
Three lefts and then right.
If you get one, leaves one left, right?
Uh, no, no, left.
OK, OK...
They're not going anywhere,
my... [speaks German]
We'll find them, and when we do...
[makes cutting sound]
-Oh, I love it when you talk cutlery.
-[Helga] Ooh, Hansy! [giggles]
You can't get good help these days.
They're fired!
They won't quit till you're kaput.
They're after your castle!
Hey, they can have the castle.
I just want to get out of here alive.
I've got a plan.
The only way to get you
out of here alive is to kill you.
Bad plan.
Trust me.
I've been waiting for this a long time.
[Baloo] Oh, no!
I'm a goner!
[grunts]
I think that sounded like the baron.
I can't believe it!
He fell out the window.
[Helga speaks German]
The least he could have done
is let us push him.
Who are you?
Fritz Kadiddlehoffer, county undertaker.
Undertaker?
You called the undertaker?
I thought you did.
Oh, who cares?
We needed him anyway.
-Uh, is he... Could he be...
-I'm afraid so.
-Are there any relatives?
-Uh, no. He's all yours!
[chuckling]
[all grunting]
The Von Bruinwald's
always were tubs of lard.
[Rebecca]
Guess it's all that fine cooking.
[both cheering] The castle's ours!
The castle's ours!
Oh, that tub of lard
can't call me a tub of lard!
Doesn't she know who I am?
[Featherich]
Baron Von Bruinwald?
Hey, hey, just in time.
Arrest those two!
-On what charge?
-Attempted murder!
And bad cooking!
[sighs]
Becky, uh, thanks for saving my bacon.
[clears throat]
And speaking of food,
we're having fish eggs and franks
in the southwest drawing room.
-Would milady care to join me?
-I'd love to.
Not so fast. There is a curse
on the Von Bruinwald's--
Three-hundred years
worth of back taxes.
So? I'll write you a check.
Mere truffles.
It's trifles.
Hardly. The amount is 500 million
and one dollars and 89 cents.
We're repossessing your entire estate.
-[stuttering]
-Which is only worth 500 million.
You owe a buck, 89.
[groans]
Your cheeseburger, sir.
A French fry for milady?
Becky, your cooking
beats that rich-folk food any day.
[chuckles]
Thanks. But, you know,
I have this nagging feeling
we forgot something.
[both]
Oh, no!
[Wildcat] Lean to the left.
Lean to the right.
Stand up, sit down.
Yeah! Fight, fight, fight.
Wait, I got it!
♪ Talespin ♪
♪ Another tale to spin ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
Ha-ha-ha!
♪ Talespin ♪